The last point that I want to make is I can easily imagine that a lot of you in this lesson, maybe
for many lessons, but especially for this lesson, a lot of you may still feel a little lost, perhaps.
Let me tell you something.
If I were taking this course, even being me being a relatively intelligent person, I can definitely
imagine that I might find it a little difficult to follow someone who's going through all of these steps
in one setting in one video like me just sitting down and watching the lesson all the way through just
one lesson.
It might be a little hard for me to follow.
Now I don't know about you.
Different people learn in different ways.
But for this lesson to be most effective for a person like me, I would probably need to maybe watch
it first one time through.
And there's a good chance.
There's a lot that I'm not going to quite catch, then I might need to put that lesson aside, put that
video aside and then go, try to implement everything here without cheating, without going and looking
at the lesson and just see if I can make sense of the concepts on my own.
And I would probably get stuck in a few places and then it would be most beneficial for me at that moment.
When I get stuck a little bit here and there to go back to the video and then try to get myself unstuck
by seeing OK, because then you will have a better appreciation and context for why I did the things
that I did and what I was meaning when I was saying various things, just watching this whole entire
lesson in one setting and expecting to understand all of it may not be realistic for everybody.
It probably wouldn't be realistic for me.
And I also want to share with you that I myself have bought numerous courses on Udemy from other developers,
not for Java, but for other languages and other technologies and things.
And I, myself, a seasoned veteran software developer, have run into that same situation where I'm
watching a lesson and the person's doing all kinds of things all over the place.
And it's a little bewildering.
And really, in a lot of cases, the best way that you're going to get past that is to just jump in
with both feet and try to duplicate what you're seeing the instructor do on your own and then get stuck
and scratch your head and try to understand why yours doesn't work and then go back and then rewatch
at least parts of their lesson to see what did they do differently?
And where did you go wrong or what were you not understanding or something like that?
That's where you'll get the most benefit.
So I really want to strongly encourage you not to be discouraged if you just watched this lesson and
you're like, Man, I don't I don't understand all of what he just did there.
There's a lot of stuff there.
Even as I was teaching it, I was a little concerned about all of the places where I was extracting
methods and introducing new parameters.
I can imagine that some of you may have gotten a little confused by why I did a lot of that stuff.
And so again, if you try to implement this yourself and you just hold fast to a couple of basic principles
such as you don't want duplicated code or you want to minimize the amount of code that you're duplicating,
you will eventually arrive at the same conclusions that I arrived at, which is that OK, if I don't
want a duplicate code and I want to reuse code, I'm going to be forced to introduce some parameters.
I'm going to be forced to extract some methods, things of that sort.
They will become more logical to you if you just try these things on your own.
OK, so that's just a little word of encouragement for anybody who feels a little discouraged from this
lesson or any of the other lessons previously or of my next lessons, right?
I feel like in this database module, I'm probably really ramping up some of the intensity.
I've introduced a number of new techniques, as well as just piling in a lot of the previous techniques
that we've learned because this is where we can start to really use them in a more realistic way.
All right.
So that's enough said on that.
I'll see you in the next one.